[OSDOCS#19128]: LVMS: static device discovery (#111876)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvm-cluster-custom-resource-status-reporting.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// storage/persistent_storage/persistent_storage_local/persistent-storage-using-lvms.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="lvm-cluster-custom-resource-status-reporting_{context}"]

> = Lvm cluster custom resource status reporting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= LVM cluster custom resource status reporting
```

[role="_abstract"]

> The `LVMVolumeGroupNodeStatus` CR records excluded devices alongside a human-readable reason. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view a list of excluded devices and the reason for their exclusion, use the `LVMVolumeGroupNodeStatus` CR. 
```
Reworded this to be job-focused. This is out of scope for this PR, but it would be useful to have a sample command showing how to check the CR. IE:
`oc get <lvm_node_status> -n <namespace> -o yaml` or something like that.
